Explore CS: November Sessions
Make sure to check out our introductory article to learn more about our series, and our October article to see what we posted last month!
Don’t forget to sign up for our newsletter if you would like to get a monthly recap of all the sessions we have done in our series so far!
Professor Nan Jiang
https://nanjiang.cs.illinois.edu/
Nan Jiang is a professor here at the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign with an extensive background in Machine Learning research. Within this field, Professor Jiang focuses mainly on Reinforcement Learning (RL), and algorithmic understandings of this phenomenon. His presentation with us today explains RL using Video Games as examples, as well as the successes and possible future successes of RL as a whole. Make sure to tune into Professor Jiang’s presentation to learn more about Reinforcement Learning as a field of research!
Premiere Date: Posted on 11/07. Click here to watch!
Professor Edgar Solomonik
http://solomonik.cs.illinois.edu/
Edgar Solomonik is an experienced Computer Science Professor at our University, having received his PhD from UC Berkeley, and BS right here at UIUC! Professor Solomonik has research interests ranging from numerical linear algebra to computational quantum chemistry. Professor Solomonik’s presentation here focuses on Computational Science, numerical analysis, and the applications of these fields in the real world! Make sure to watch the presentation below to learn more about these fields of research.
Premiere Date: Posted on 11/15. Click here to watch!
Professor Mohammed El-Kebir
Mohammed El-Kebir is an Assistant Professor of Computer Science at our University with extensive research experience in tumor phylogenetics, studying tumor progression from initial stages to metastasization. He has also developed algorithms to reconstruct patterns of disease outbreak spreading. Prior to coming to Illinois, Professor El-Kebir was a postdoc at Brown and Princeton University. He has received the NSF CRII award. Professor El-Kebir’s presentation here is about Computational Biology, Bioinformatics, and cancer phylogenetics. If you would like to learn more about how fields of science like Biology can intertwine with Computer Science, make sure to check out Professor El-Kebir’s presentation!
Premiere Date: Posted on 11/16. Click here to watch!
Professor Lawrence Angrave
https://cs.illinois.edu/about/people/faculty/angrave
Lawrence Angrave is a well-known professor in the UIUC Computer Science department. Having taught many major core CS classes offered at our university, received many awards, and served on many committees, including the Technology Accessibility Review Committee, Professor Angrave focuses much of his efforts on accessibility within Computer Science Education. Within his presentation with us today, Professor Angrave discusses ClassTranscribe and the benefits of having a Closed Captioning service in educational videos. He also discusses disabilities within education, and how this field can work towards being more inclusive!
Premiere Date: Posted on 11/23. Click here to watch!
Professor Klara Nahrstedt
https://cs.illinois.edu/about/people/faculty/klara
Klara Nahrstedt is a Grainger Distinguished Chair of Engineering Professor of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign. Professor Nahrstedt is also the Director of the Coordinated Science Laboratory and has focused much of her research on advanced edge-cloud-based cyber-infrastructures for scientific instruments, and many many other fields. Her presentation with us here today is about SENSELET, a sensor infrastructure for improving situational awareness and safety in academic cleanroom environments. Make sure to check out Professor Nahrstedt’s presentation to learn more about the world of research environments and technologies!
Premiere Date: Posted on 11/27. Click here to watch!
Professor Ling Ren
https://cs.illinois.edu/about/people/faculty/renling
Ling Ren is a Professor at our University with a strong foundation in Computer Science, having received his Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from MIT in 2018. Professor Ren has focused much of his research on security and privacy, cryptography and distributed computing. His presentation with us here is about Fault Tolerant Consensus and its applications. Make sure to watch Professor Ren’s presentation to learn more about Fault Tolerance and computer system components like this!
Premiere Date: Posted on 11/28. Click here to watch!
Professor Jingrui He
https://ischool.illinois.edu/people/jingrui-he
Jingrui He is a Professor in the School of Information Sciences at UIUC. She received her Ph.D. in machine learning from Carnegie Mellon University in 2010 and has focused most of her research on heterogeneous machine learning, rare category analysis, active learning, and semi-supervised learning, with applications in social network analysis, healthcare, and manufacturing processes. Professor He’s presentation is about her experience with the balance between a career in CS and life, as well as her personal research on Security Informatics, Healthcare Informatics, Air Traffic Informatics, and Misinformation Analytics. Check out Professor He’s presentation to learn more about how you can do professional work in CS while maintaining a healthy and productive lifestyle!
Premiere Date: Posted on 11/29. Click here to watch!