This subreddit is for anyone/anything related to UIUC. Students, Alumni, Faculty, and Townies are all welcome. Given the lack of a regional subreddit, it also covers most things in the Champaign-Urbana area. This subreddit is not sponsored or endorsed by the University of Illinois or any other on-campus group.
"if you hadn't seen this yet: https://www.reddit.com/r/UIUC/comments/6vt16n/is_anyone_else_really_attracted_to_angrave/ " Here's my 2 cents...
I object to objectifying instructors, TAs, faculty, student mentors, staff and other people in a power-relationship with students.
The original reddit post and discussion might be seen as harmless especially as it is directed at male faculty. Unfortunately I suggest it normalizes objectifying and stalking behavior and also takes us a step away from being a fun-but-professional-and-nurturing-environment for all.
I imagine some CS students will disagree with the first point - that it was just harmless fun on reddit - and claim that I am over-reacting. However, it's not true (e.g. I read it) and besides I'd be more interested in greater and nuanced point of view from a broader community.
By the way, it has secondary effects: For example, I am thinking it's probably just a troll but what if I have a stalker? Stalkers can do unpredictable things (e.g. falsely claim they were inappropriately harassed or worse) - because they are not getting sufficient 1-on-1 attention they desire from their target. Though I believe it was likely a troll I'm now concerned about advising CS students. e.g. I should probably keep door open during advising and be less approachable. Which ultimately means it's harder for a student to discuss their concerns.
My first reaction is "don't feed the trolls" and / or "don't feed the stalker" i.e ignore it but I don't want to be complicit in supporting this kind of atmosphere.
I would rather we have discussion about the atmosphere and environment that we want to work towards at Computer Science @ UIUC - both online and face-to-face. I doubt such a serious nuanced discussion is possible on r/uiuc but I'd be happy to be proved wrong.